{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deflang1033\adeflang1033\deflangfe1033\deff0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\stshfdbch0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial Unicode MS;}
}
{\colortbl
;
\red0\green0\blue0
;
\red0\green0\blue255
;
\red0\green255\blue255
;
\red0\green255\blue0
;
\red255\green0\blue255
;
\red255\green0\blue0
;
\red255\green255\blue0
;
\red255\green255\blue255
;
\red0\green0\blue128
;
\red0\green128\blue128
;
\red0\green128\blue0
;
\red128\green0\blue128
;
\red128\green0\blue0
;
\red128\green128\blue0
;
\red128\green128\blue128
;
\red192\green192\blue192
;
\red0\green102\blue204
;
}
{\*\defchp\fs24\afs24\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0}
{\*\defpap\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\li0\ri0\ltrpar\ql\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1}
{\stylesheet
{\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\li0\ri0\ltrpar\ql\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1\lang1033\langfe1033\f0\fs24\afs24\charscalex100\expndtw0
\cf1\dn0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10\additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\cs15\additive\ul\cf17\sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}
}
{\info
{\title}
{\subject}
{\author}
{\keywords}
}
\paperw20878\paperh26669\margl1440\margr1440\margt1430\margb1430\gutter0\viewkind1\viewzk1\fet2
{\*\ftnsep
{\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\chftnsep\par}
}
{\*\aftnsep
{\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\chftnsep\par}
}
\facingp\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel
\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev
\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal\noxlattoyen\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\nolnhtadjtbl\notbrkcnstfrctbl
\dgmargin\dghspace181\dgvspace181\dghshow1\dgvshow1\sectd\ltrsect\sbknone\headery0\footery3\colsx720\sectlinegrid360\sftnbj\sftnrstcont
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, Wf DNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1905.}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel7\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 NOTES FROM SUAKIN.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 PROGRESS AT SHEIKH BARGHOUT. SIR W U AUSTIN'S INSPECTION}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Suakin, January 10.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Sir William Oars tin, G.C.M.G., Adviser to the Ministry of Public Works, accompanied by
 Miralai Maoauley Bey, R.E., Director of Sudan Railway\'BB, and Uimbashi Sowerby, H.E., Chief Engineer of Ways and Works,
 Suakin-Atbara Railways, left lor Railhead on the 4th ilist, in a special train composed of four saloon car }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 nagea }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 on inspection duty, returning to Suakin .it ui\'AB>n on the 7th iust. The same afternoon,
 sir Wm tiarsiin,accompanied by Macauley Bey, iii'pecleti the piers and the works at Graham\'92s }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 gmit. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 His Excellency expre.vse<l his entire }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 sa- }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tislactlon with wliathe saw, and with the great progress made in such a short space of time,
 .t:nl uuder many difficulties.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 li, tlio \'BBtU lust. Sir William Garstin, accom\-panied by Macauley Bey and Drury Bey,
 Con\-troller oi Sudan Ports, left on H.H. Ports and Lighthouse* >toamer "Aida, which was followed by the Suilau Port steam
 tug "Hawk," for Sheikh Barghout harbour. After the party had landed auil mspectedthis new port. Sir Wm. Garstin went on
 to Suez by the \'93Aida," and Macauley Bey and Drury Bey returned to Suakui by the "Hawk.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The British steamer "Sharistan" arrived here trum England with a large consignment of rail\-
way material aud stores for the Sudan Govern\-ment Railway on the 4th inst.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 H.M.S. "Sealark" (Commander Somerville) arrived hero Irom Sheikh Barghout on the 4th inst.
 aud left again lor surveying purposes on the 7tb inst.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Due officer ami N.C.O.\'92s aud men be\-longing to the Works Department arrived here on
 the 7th inst. from Khartoum }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 vi\'E0 }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Beriicr, aud are leaving for Shcikb Barghout. They mrui the pioneer party aud will start
 the }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 publie }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 works there. They will soon be luliowed by about 1,000 more men from the name department
 coming viA Suez. The total number ol men to be sent to Sheikh Barghout in connection with the public works there will uinouiil
 to about 3,000.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The anniversary ol the accession to die Thruiio of'}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 H. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 H. die Khedive was observed as a general holiday, all Government olfices and works being
 closed tor the occasion. At midday a salute of 21 guns was fired from the Customs' Quay, and the town was ,/j fete by day
 as well as by night}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Kh\'E9divial }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 mail steamer "Missir" arrived here a tew days ago from Suez with a consign\-ment of timber,
 etc., for tbo temporary woo<ien bridges to bo erected for the Suakin- Atbara Railway. The "Missir\'94 returns to Suez to-day}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 THE PICNIC GIRL.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 WHAT SHE HAS TO ITT UP WITH.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The Picnic Girl goes out for pleasure ; but she has much to put up with. She must mix the
 salad, and keep the earwigs out of it, and she mustn\'92t scream when a spider walks over her hand. Sometimes a hurst of
 rain spoils her pretty truck but she must still look eheerlul iiiul try to pietend that she likes it. And die.se showersdomore
 than spoil frocks, as a Liverpool lady told her friend die other day. "1 was a girl at a picnic, and got drenched to the
 skin, 'he said. "And 1 have blamed that picnic ever siuce for the way 1 have }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 su }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tiered with rheumatism.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 "Only those who havo ever suffered from Unit dreadful malady can have any idea ol the}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The picnic girl gets her clothes spoiled ly a shower o/'rain, and has to look cheerful under
 it.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 awful pain I bad at times to bear. For week after week 1 have been bed ridden. Besides which
 1 lmd that miserable languor which is so horribly depressing. At night I have often been in too great pain to sleep.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 "There wan hardly a part of my body which was not at one time or another affected with the
 rheumatism," }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 continuel! }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 the speaker (Mrs. Moorcrofr, of 88, Leven street, Ktrkdale, Liver\-pool). "My appetite almost
 completely left me, and when I did get the length of walking even a few yards I soon became tired out, both with the |K\'BBin
 and difficulty experienced in breath\-ing 1 do-paired, alter I lutd suffered in tho way 1 havo described for many years,
 of ever being like other people again. Nothing did me any good until 1 tried Dr. Williams\'92 pink pills. Three boxes effected
 an improvement, nnd as 1 jierscvered with them a little time 1 soon felt quite well again, and have been so now f.-r a long
 time. My appetite has returned ; 1 am able to sleep ; 1 liave no pain, and 1 find pleasure in working."}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mis. Moorcroft\'92s ense is like many others. She needed new blood to cure her rheumatism,
 and Dr. Williams' pmk pills cured her by making new blood, just as Uiey have cured so many cases of amemia, bile, consumption,
 decline, fits, St. Vitus\'92 dance, hysteria, and the many troubles which women silently endure. It is important to insist
 on having genuine pill\'BB, with Dr. Williams\'92 name, as some shopkeepers push useless substitutes.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Sold in Egypt by all chemists at P.T. 13 per box or P.T. 70 per 6 boxes. Can be bought at
 the general }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 d\'E9p\'F4t }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \u9632 ? Max Fischer, Cairo, Hotel }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 du }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Nil St (let floor), and Alexandria, Rue }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Stamboul, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 No. 9.}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel3\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark0}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Spoilr AND i\'92LAY.}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark0}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 HELOUAN SECOND WINTER MEETING.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The following is die programme of the races i to oe held at Helouan on Saturday, 4tb February,
 at 2.30 p.m., under the rule9 and j with the co-operatiou of the stewards of die ^ }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Kh\'E9divial }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Sporting Club :\'97}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 FIRST RACK 2.30 p.in.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Maiukh Poxy Rick.\'97V}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 alue P.T. 2,500, 2nd horse to receive P.T. 300, and 3rd horse P.T. 200 out of the stakes.
 For Arab ironies, weight for age and iuches. Distance I mile. Entrance P.T. 200.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 SECOND RACK 3 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Thk}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  UxiTKi\'BB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Service Handicap.}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'97Valuo P.T. 2,000, 2nd horse to receive P.T. 300, and 3rd horse P.T. 200 out of the stakes.
 For Arabs the property of Officers of the Army of Occupa\-tion ; British and Egyptian Officers of the Egyptian Army and
 British Civilians of tho Egyptian Government Distance 7 furlongs. Eutrauce P.T. 100.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 THIRD RACK 3.30 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Maiden Galloway.}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'97Valuo P.T. 2,500, 2nd horse to receive P.T. 300 aud 3rd P.T. 200, out of tho stakes.
 For Arabs, weight for age and inches. Distance about 1 mile. Entrance P.T. 200.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 FOURTH RACK 4 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Helouan Derby.}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'97Value P.T. 15,000,2nd horse to receive P.T. 2,000, and 3rd horso P.T. 1,000 out of the
 stakes. For Maiden (at nomination) Arabs, weight for age with penalties, reduced Tibs. Distance about 1 mile 1 furlong.
 Entry by subscription aud nomination as follows :}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Subscription on 1st June, 1904, P.T. 200, with P.T. 300 on nomination on 1st October,}
\par
\pard\plain\tx383\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 1904,\tab aud with a further charge of P.T. 250 if loft in after tho 1st of January, 1905.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 This race having been published before tho revision of the }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Kh\'E9divial }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Sporting Club rules, will be run under tbe old scale of weights.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Firm RACK 4.30 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Tkwfik Handicap.}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'97 Valuo P.T. 6,500, 2nd horse to receive P.T. 1,000, and 3rd horse P.T. 500 out ot tho
 stakes. For Arab ponies. Top weight not to exceed list. Distance 1 mile 1 furlong. Entrance on the 1st October, 1904 P.T.
 300 and }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ou }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 the 23th January, 1905, when the race closes, P.T. 500.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 SIXTH RACK 5- P-ui-}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Trial Plate }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'97 Value P.T. 2,500,2nd horse to receive P.T. 300, and 3rd horse P.T. 200 out of the stakes.
 For Arab horses, galloways and ponies that have never won a race of any description (Gymkhanas excepted). Weight for age,
 galloways allowed 4 lbs. and ponies 7 lbs. Distauce 3 4 mile Entrance P.T. 200. SEVENTH RACK 5.30 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Bedouin Stakes.}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'97Valuo P.T. 2,500, 2nd horse to }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 re\'E7oive }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 P.T. 300, and 3rd horse P.T. 200 out of tho stakes. For Arabs that have never won a mco
 of any description. Open to all members and non-members who do not keep racing horses. Catch weights ovor lOst 7 lbs. for
 horses, lost, for galloways and 9st. 7lbs. for ponies. Distance 1 mile 1 furlong.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 1 Entrance P.T. '125. Unless 15 horses are en- I tered half tho above stakes will be given.
 En\-trance fee to be paid at the time of entry. Me > suring day for this race Saturday, 4th Febr....ry, at 10 a.m. at H.S.C.
 paddock, Helouan.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Tho entries will close at 6 p.m. on Satur\-day tho 28th January, 1903, to the Clerk of the
 Course, Tewfik Paloco Hotel, Helouan.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Measuring-day will be Friday, 20th January,}
\par
\pard\plain\tx383\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 1905,\tab at 3 p.m. at Ghczireh.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ! All horses and ponios not already register\-ed to bo agod ; and those whose measure\-
ment at 5 years old and upwards are not re\-corded in }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 K. S. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 C. or A. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 S. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 C. registers to be measured.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 There will be no lotteries.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The order of running will be tho same as that in which the races are on this programme.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ijr Chill-on-the-Liver, mr Influenza., Rheumatism,\\ * Colds, Coughs, Weak Chests, Weak
 Backs, Aching Kidneys, Asthma, Lumbago, Sciatica, Sc}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel5\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A Remedy of ow 50 years\'92 slandinj. Prescribe I by}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark1}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel5\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark2}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Physicians and sold by Chrmisti in every pari of}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark2}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel5\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark3}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Guaranteed not to coniain j}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark3}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel4\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark4}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 BEWARE OF DANGEROUS ^ SUBSTITUTES. ^}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark4}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Insist upon having * ALLCOCK\'92S,*}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TO }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 U. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 S. MINISTER TO ENCLAND}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel1\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark5}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Commends Pe-ru-na to All Catarrh Sufferers.}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark5}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 lion. Louie E. Johnson Is (boson of the late }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Reverdy }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Johnson who was United States Senator from Msryland, also Attorney General under President
 Johnson, aud United Btatea Minister to England, and who was regarded as tha greatest constitutional lawyer that ever lived.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx3621\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 In a recent letter from 1006 }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 F }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 St., }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 N. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TV., Washington, D.C., Mr. Johnson sayst \'95\'95No one should longer suffer }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Iront }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 catarrh when Peruna Is ac\-cessible. To my knowledge it has caused relief to so mauy of
 my friends and acquaintances, that It Is humanity to commend Its use to all persons suffering with this distressing disorder
 of the human system. "-\'97Louis E. Johnson.\tab *}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Catarrh Poisons.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Catarrh Is capable of changing all the llfo-givlng accretions of the body Into scalding
 fluids, which destroy and In\-flame every part they come In contact with. Applications to the places affect\-ed by catarrh
 can do IlYtlo good save to soothe or qnlet disagreeable symptoms. Hence It Is that gsrglcs, sprays, atom\-izers and Inhalants
 only }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 serra }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 as tem\-porary relief.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 There Is bnt one remedy that has the desired effect, and that remedy Is Pa\-rana. Tble remedy
 strikes at onoe to the roots of estarrh by restoring to the capillary veaaels their healthy alae- tletty. Pernna Is not
 a temporary pal\-liative, bnt a radical care.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Send for Dr. Hartman\'92s latest book, ssnt free for a abort time. Address The Pernna Drug
 Manufacturing Co, Co\-lombo*. Ohio.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Fur special directions everyone should read "The lilt of Life,\'94 a eopy'of which \'95nrronndt
 each bottle. Pernra is for sals by >11 chamiats and drnggiaia at five shil\-lings per bottle ort x bottles for twenty-fits
 shillings.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Photo wishing direct corresponds!\'BB* with Dr. Hartman and oan wail tha naeee- sary delay
 in receiving a reply should address Dr. 8. B. Hartman, Colombo!, Ohio, U.8 A}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The following wholesale druggist will supply the retail drug trade in Alexandria, Erypi.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 MAX FISCHER,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Cairo and Alexandria.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 visitors; lists}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 GHEZIREH PALACE HOTEL Mr. ami Mrs. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 G. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 F. Allcard, London ; Mr. and Mrs. John Burgess, Manchester; Mrs. Orchard, Ceylon ; Mrs.
 }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 C. J. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Carew, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Misses }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 C.-irctv, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'D9.S }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A. ; Lady Duffey, Misses Duffey, England ; Mr. May, U.S.A. ; Mrs.B. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 de }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Carry, Miss }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 du }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Carry, Miss Cantlon, Sir Hugh Smiley, Lady SmiU-y, Mist Connuii, Miss Smiley, Mr. Bird,
 England ; Vcte. and }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Vicomtesse }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 do Ga- lcmbert, Paris ; Mr. and Mrs. McCallutn, Cana\-da ; Capt. Hon. G. Baring and Mrs.
 Baring, London ; Lady Robert Austen, Lieut-Col. and Mrs. C. Garnett, England; Mr. D. Cory Wright, London ; CoL }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 G. B. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Allen, U.S.A. ; Mr. Henry C. Sharpe, London ; Dr. aud Mrs, Bell Pettigrew, Scotland ; Herr
 and Frau }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 R. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 M. Daelcn, Capt. and Mrs. Borton, Major Rhodes, England ; Lord and Lady Etmismore, London
 ; Capt and Mrs. Hugh Fraser, Scotland ; }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Vicomte }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 do Fontarce, Comte }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 de }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Font&rcfl, Mr. Henry Pottior, Paris ; Col. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Bain, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 M.P., Mrs. Bain, Cumberland ; Mr. and }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Mme. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Otto Anninger, Vienna ; Mr. and Mine, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 de Valable, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mr. August }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 de }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Vatable, New York ; Mr. Ashley Johnston, Mr. and Mrs. Hughes, Dr. Previa, Dr Reginald Harrison,
 London : M. and }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Mme. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Malonyay, Budapest ; M. Felix}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Oppenheim, Paris ; Mr. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 R. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 H. Harnpson, Lon\-don ; Herr and Frau Georg }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Millier, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Ham\-burg ; Mr. Oe. do Haxay, Budapest ; M. and }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Mme. F. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Rom and children, Brussels ; Mr. and Mrs. Foxcroft, Misses Foxcroft, Bath ; Hcrm and Frau
 S. Houigmann, Germany ; Comte Domokos Teleki, Comte Geza Teleki, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Baronne }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Bauffy and daughters, Budapest ; Lieutenant do Durdoff, Russia ; Miles. Zabotkine, St Pe\-
tersburg ; Mr. and\'92Mrs. Trafford Hutcheson, London : Mr. Leonard G. Davies, Miss }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 S. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 M. Dummod, England ; }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Mme. Parask\'E9va }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 and fa\-mily, Alexandria ; M. and }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Mme. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 van Eeghcn, Holland ; Mr. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 R. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 R. Beard, England.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 )AILY WEATHER REPORT.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 IKBXXVATIOns }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 BT \'ABUBTXT D\'E2PAjrTMNT.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 4MXXNDBIA.}
\par
\pard\plain\tldot\tx1082\tldot\tx1498\tldot\tx1695\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 i) ruction cl wind\tab\tab\tab \'97 r\'BBlm}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2251\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95 rtt }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 n}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1\tab Dim}
\par
\pard\plain\tlhyph\tx745\tlhyph\tx1058\tlhyph\tx1996\tlhyph\tx2247\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 of n*a\tab  \tab\tab ..\tab  Calm}
\par
\pard\plain\tldot\tx2012\tldot\tx2074\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Onlsf fVw. Taxp. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 te }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 the \'ABhad*........\tab\tab  16.0}
\par
\pard\plain\tlhyph\tx1917\tlhyph\tx2135\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 I\'BB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Loon ! Min. do. da \tab\tab}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB.0}
\par
\pard\plain\tlhyph\tx1114\tlhyph\tx1760\tlhyph\tx1949\tlhyph\tx2167\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 | Wnmbtil J\tab -,\tab\tab\tab  70.0}
\par
\pard\plain\tldot\tx1222\tldot\tx1378\tldot\tx1592\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 * %jw. ' Rainfall\tab  \tab\tab \'97Prop*}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 MMAKXR}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Tfc\'92oagbonl ytetonUy the wind blow }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 etead\'FCy }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 light from the North\'92Ward, with a \'ABmo Ah \'BBoa. Tho weather }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 wm}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  door, dull, ami orercmet. \'91t 7 p.m. the wind died away to a flat calm. Thera mu a drruw
 fog and hoary dew foil through- oat tho night. At 7 am. to-day a light ehower of rain paaKkl orvr Alexandria. ilarecoeWr
 \'ABtoady.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ^rtutt DiALlU.>a}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 fer }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tho M been coding \'95 a.m. Teeterday.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx1114\tqr\tx2496\tqr\tx2838\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Max.\tab Min.\tab Max.\tab Mia.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx1012\tqr\tx2757\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Or&nov*. utsp.\tab toap. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Otatw\'AB.}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  trap.\tab Map}
\par
\pard\plain\tx1143\tqr\tx2525\tqr\tx2895\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 la tho\tab tn the\tab to the\tab tat thr}
\par
\pard\plain\tx1147\tqr\tx2529\tqr\tx2895\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 abode.\tab abode.\tab ahade\tab afcadt}
\par
\pard\plain\tqr\tx905\tqr\tx1300\tx1456\tqr\tx2395\tqr\tx2769\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Port Said.\'97\'95\tab W\tab \'95\tab Wady Haifa..\tab SI\tab}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB}
\par
\pard\plain\tqr\tx897\tqr\tx1292\tx1448\tlhyph\tx2086\tqr\tx2757\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 o t ftalooan -\tab IT\tab T\tab Boa kin ..\tab Si\tab 10}
\par
\pard\plain\tqr\tx913\tqr\tx1308\tx1465\tqr\tx2403\tqr\tx2773\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 llilhtaah..\tab 10\tab \'95\tab Kbartoo\'BB....\tab 10\tab U}
\par
\pard\plain\tlul\tx601\tqr\tx893\tqr\tx1300\tx1456\tqr\tx2395\tqr\tx2761\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 H\'ABc:i 9o\'ABf\tab\tab \'97\tab -\tab Wad }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Madant.\tab SS\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 II}
\par
\pard\plain\tx794\tx1234\tx1728\tlhyph\tx2041\tx2670\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 iffanL- }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB...\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 10\tab}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1\tab  tr\tab II}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 rORVION BTATION*.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx1316\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Oranoara.\tab Ibarom. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  Wind. Thmp. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'BB\'95** }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95*}
\par
\pard\plain\tlhyph\tx1152\tlhyph\tx2362\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1\tab i\tab p-}
\par
\pard\plain\tlul\tx1230\tx1633\tx1695\tx2197\tqr\tx2514\tqr\tx2806\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 nm\tab ra\'BB\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1\tab u*bt\tab *\tab |\tab Oda}
\par
\pard\plain\tlul\tx1255\tx1728\tx2230\tqr\tx2864\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'BB\'95!<\u9632 ?}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1\tab}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB\'95\'BB\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 U\'ABhi\tab >\'95\tab eodr.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx773\tldot\tx1045\tldot\tx1144\tldot\tx1164\tx1292\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'97irv**\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 . . . \tab\tab\tab\tab | TM0 Motor. 1 Roach}
\par
\pard\plain\tlhyph\tx1238\tx1724\tx2226\tqr\tx2851\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 .urn.\tab}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'ABU\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 u\'BB!m .\tab i|\tab \'84***}
\par
\pard\plain\tx757\tlul\tx1123\tx1633\tx1695\tx2197\tqr\tx2514\tqr\tx2827\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'97-\'97\u9632 ?,\tab\tab  TM T\tab :\tab rrm}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 h\tab 1\'BB\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 j\tab RooiU}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Vinolia}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 For Delicate SenMUT*. IrriUbl\'A9 Skins.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx1004\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 " 6 kind* :\tab Premier Floral, Toilet (Otto), Medionl, and Veetml.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 CREAM > For Itching, Faoe SpoU. Eczema, and all Skin Irritation.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 POWDER * }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 K}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'B0}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 r}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  ^'ITc }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 K}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 '}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 ,U}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ^}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 ne}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 '"}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'92 }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 T}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 oB"t, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 (}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Nnnery, Ao. In White, Pink}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mold Everywhere.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 FOR}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 THE}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 SKIN.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 CHEAP ADVERTISEMENTS.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ( Prepaid. )}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 NOLI'-H MARINE ENGINEER nquirad for I on\'BB week\'92s special employment }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'E0 }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 February Rsply with reference M. K. e/o "The Egyptian}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 26240-1-2}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ELECTRICAL Engineer, Collage graduate, two yean\'92 -tparianoe, \'ABante position. Address}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 0 0, Ik i }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ldi, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Cairo,}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2691\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 FTOUM.- }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Dr. J. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 K. Gahril, Fayonm aor- respondant of the \'92Egyptian Gazette," it ready to give any information,
 help. < r advise as to the }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'C9ayoum provins, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 and me surrounding deaen, lakes, ate., to eotupani-s, banks, b ms, morobants, Ur d loan
 banks,to }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ans }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 t-, or others; baring \'95 thorough knowledge of the country for the last filteen ysare.
 Write to the abovaaddie-e\tab 6u-2}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2403\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 GERMAN BOOKKEEPER, many years\'92 ta\-ps linos, thorough knowledge ot English and Enoch,
 knowing ala.. Italian and }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Arabie, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 seeks situation. Beal isfonosaa App'y, No. 26264 "Egyp\-tian U azette offices.\tab 16264
 S I}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2349\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 LOsT.cn 18lh, at the raor.coarse, a Oold Braoelat with turquoise, with gold box attached.
 Finder p.saee apply to hall }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 porter, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 bavoy Hotel, Cairo, and be rewarded.\tab 26247-e-2}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ANTED.- Hall porter also good Waiter (Buroptaut; ; must spark Eng.i-b and Atrbts Apply,
 Rnaamoea House 1\'91eoeton, Cairo.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 26241-1-2}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ANTED, a Lady'sBeddle, new or second band, suitableftea dunkey. T. 0. Mulling*, Man\u9632 ?}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2395\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 toman.\tab X6266-X-1}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 This popular Kngli*h SwMtmml oan ba obteintd alt Mr. CABOKIH. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Awolo America* Btoee\'AE,}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  PorVSakL }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 s\'BB DBKKT&U.D\'DC3.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mmcm. TANOftfD BONN }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ICI }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A Co..}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Tb* PATldACail 01 LA BOORS*. Ea. Chanf Pa.ha. Alexandria.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mauuiaotorj : London, England.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 DAVIES}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 BRYAN}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 & Co.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ContinentalHotelBuildings,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 CAIRO.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 St. David\'92s Buildings, .}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ALEXANElRIA. '}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 and 85 -37 Noble Street,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 LONDON. E.O.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 English Tailors, Drapers and Outfitters.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Beg respectftilly to an\-nounce that they have received their various stocks in the latest
 styles suitable for the present Season.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A large assortment of Blacks, Blues, Scotch, Irish & Harris Tweeds. All garments cut by
 ex\-perienced English Cut\-ters, fit and style gua\-ranteed.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A varied stock of Ladies\'92 Blouses, Boas, Skirts, Belts, &c.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Careful attention is paid to Ladies'outfits 8ui table for Tours up the Nile.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 GENTS\'92}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 OUTFITTING}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Thelatest novelties inTies, Collars, Shirts, Gloves, &c. hosiery in all the newest makes,
 (Camel Hair brand a speciality).}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 We are also making a special display in the Drapery Department, con* sistiiig of Household
 Linen, Blan\-kets, Calicoes, Eider-down Quilts, Cushions,&c.,Ac., which are mark* ed at such figures as to command attention.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Boots & Shoes in the latest shapes, Bags, Trunks & alt Leather goods in great va\-riety.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Also a large assorted supply of the following articles :\'97}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel2\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 HATS, CAPS, UMBRELLAS, j WALKING-STICKS, RUGS,}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\outlinelevel2\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 STUDS, BRUSHES AND ALL TOILET REQUISITES, &C.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Davies Bryan & Co.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Cairo & Alexandria.}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel5\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark6}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 the civilize! world,}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark6}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel5\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark7}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Be! }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 adonna. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Opium, cr uny Poison whatever.}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark7}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TUI EDITION FOR }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 100\'BB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ooculoa cp-kMUU laforatokn which i* *>ir^nt^iy fiiahlr}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 AU changea }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tnth# namooof etroote and nosabor\'BB of hooaaa hare boon introduced to the list of addrotooa.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 On aalaai the loading Oalro and Alexandria becked }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 1er\'BB.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 umujo}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 WINDSOR HOTEL.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Largest 1st olass and most oomfurtable I Hotel in Alexandria. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Faolug }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tha sea Central position. Under English management \u9632 ?111 004}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 E}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 26260-6-1}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 w}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 W}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 i}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 BUTTER-SCOTCH}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 (The Cclsbnted Sweet for Children).}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 urAjy&Jrnt\'A9}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AKD 11 I\'BBOT BLPPLIXD}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ITVLT TO}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 J }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 OHN }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 B }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 OAFFARI,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tin ANDit\'BB * oamo r ii\'ABo\'AB}
\par
\pard\plain\tlul\tx679\tlul\tx2477\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1\tab just}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  runnsMKP.\tab}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 THK IKDIC4T2PI IQYPTIIK |}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AilmtnbtnUiTe and Commercial Directory,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Bt}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  Mr. 8mao PorrAjroi.}
\par
}
