{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deflang1033\adeflang1033\deflangfe1033\deff0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\stshfdbch0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial Unicode MS;}
}
{\colortbl
;
\red0\green0\blue0
;
\red0\green0\blue255
;
\red0\green255\blue255
;
\red0\green255\blue0
;
\red255\green0\blue255
;
\red255\green0\blue0
;
\red255\green255\blue0
;
\red255\green255\blue255
;
\red0\green0\blue128
;
\red0\green128\blue128
;
\red0\green128\blue0
;
\red128\green0\blue128
;
\red128\green0\blue0
;
\red128\green128\blue0
;
\red128\green128\blue128
;
\red192\green192\blue192
;
\red0\green102\blue204
;
}
{\*\defchp\fs24\afs24\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0}
{\*\defpap\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\li0\ri0\ltrpar\ql\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1}
{\stylesheet
{\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\li0\ri0\ltrpar\ql\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1\lang1033\langfe1033\f0\fs24\afs24\charscalex100\expndtw0
\cf1\dn0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10\additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\cs15\additive\ul\cf17\sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}
}
{\info
{\title}
{\subject}
{\author}
{\keywords}
}
\paperw20878\paperh26669\margl1440\margr1440\margt1430\margb1430\gutter0\viewkind1\viewzk1\fet2
{\*\ftnsep
{\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\chftnsep\par}
}
{\*\aftnsep
{\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\chftnsep\par}
}
\facingp\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel
\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev
\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal\noxlattoyen\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\nolnhtadjtbl\notbrkcnstfrctbl
\dgmargin\dghspace181\dgvspace181\dghshow1\dgvshow1\sectd\ltrsect\sbknone\headery0\footery3\colsx720\sectlinegrid360\sftnbj\sftnrstcont
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 THH,.EGYPTIAN }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 iGAZ\'CFTTOv }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ^ATUBDAT, JAIHURT 21, DQfi.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 9}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I'GYPT AND ITS MINES.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 DATA }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 KO }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 It Till: INVESTOR.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 With rinn.il "f interest in (lie market (or the . }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 .ne- ni }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 the varum- coiupanit-* it i- desir .\u9632 ?.I,, tn have Millie \'91lata tor the investor
 aa to fy-i\u9632 ?< \'92wit/, tlie capital, ami the situation of if j-r .[lertR- Controlled. We ileal thia week ii mi \u9632 ?\u9632 ?
( the initial -yudicate companies of e\'97imi ilmr.ii 1er and it- subsidiary milling \u9632 ? \'95. rprix*.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 G Y }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 FT AND SUDAN MINING SYNDI\-CATE. 1.1.Ml TED.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2074\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 t H.yiStrrrd fitly l, |'.Mil \u9632 ?'ii e \'95 and 'i Queen Street }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Pince }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 W }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 F }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 '\'95arlaud, Secretary.\tab ^}
\par
\pard\plain\tx784\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 John Taylor and Soli-, Manager-, inr*- *-r-\tab I/*rd }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Vaux }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 of llarruwden. Chair}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 inm , lion. Mark F. N.ijiier, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 K. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Taylor, E I\'92aylor }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 F }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Cuthliert.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 .'\u9632 ?.\'95\'95omul\'BB September30. Meeting - Fe- liriuiry 16, Itnri}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 i'njuial \'A352,500, in ill -hare-, all i\'97ued . i.\'92. iHMi-hare-fully paid and I7,5oo
 shares \'95nated April. 1903) on which 7-, 6*1. j>er -hare |ia:d up and the balance called up.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The additional 17,500 -hares were i-sued I- nrf.i }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 al }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I"-, premium to existing share\-holders.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The right- of this Syndicate, urigiually aud -ttiee acquired, may bo subdivided into :\'97}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 F }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The original \'91 Carmichael" concession, where di-coveric-, reputed as of encouraging character,
 have boon made, priuci|>ally at Haiue-h and Sarniit. A- to this area, the inpaiiy bn- a pro-pecting license to May I, 1906,
 over four bluck\'BB each live miles square, ntaiiiing the aneiout workings ilame-h, -.tiu'it, B.irr.ilime, and Duiigunh
 in respect oi}
\par
\pard\plain\tx173\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95\tab v-e areas development work has l>een done.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx478\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 2\tab It -eciired the initial rights in regard}
\par
\pard\plain\tx173\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95\tab . .tea nl 22,""O -ipiare miles termed the}
\par
\pard\plain\tx486\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 - ; .:i\tab mee\'97ion. lying south-east of Wady}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ii.i.t.i,ami -OU.Cdistance lioith ot Ahull Mamed.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I he-e two p'lilts are connected by railway, and it i- proposed to build a spur braueb of
 30 miles to connect ' \'92in Nabardi, a promising portion of the com pin }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 y }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 - property, with the Government railway. In this area are ancient }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'BB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 rkiug- and the new working- ol the Dm N.dwrdi mine, where exten-ivo development }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 w }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 rk ha- }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Il\'E9on }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 done. I he rights on the Suilan}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 nci-'-ioii were disposed ot ^June 1 yo-Jj to the Sudan Gold Field, Limited, the }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 purchu-e }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 price i-ung \'A330,000 ea-h and 11.7,000 fully -paid Su- I }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ni }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tii}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 dit }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Field shares,ot \'ABinch shares thc-jyiidi tie pa\'97ed to all initial }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 concessionnaire }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 43,750 -hares , and the Syndicate further engaged to }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 piy }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'A35,000 in ea-h and 10,000 fully-paid Sudan Gold Field -hares to the Goldfields of Mysore
 ami }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 G }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 E. Company. It would appear, therefore, that the Syndicate ho.da \'9131,3.70 Sudan Gold
 Field -hares fully paid, beside\'BB i'.7,i}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 sni}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  Hoiking capital -hares Uie Syndicate -uhserihed tor. The terms ol the concession are dealt
 with in remark- }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ou }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 the Sudau Gold Field, Limited.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx484\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 3\tab The Berber Concession.\'97This concession ititains a very large area, having for its}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ac-tern boundary the railway line from 20ih puallei ot latitude, and the Nile from Abou
 1 lamed to Berber. Through the southern put ion of the area, or near it, there should pv\'97, when it is constructed, the
 proposed ta w railway Iroin Stiakin to Berber.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I ; The Syndicate also has one sixth inte- t.--t iu a Syndicate formed to explore a \u9632 ?
 nice\'97ion in the Suakiu district, skirting the Ued Sea coast from Suakin to a piiut Cast of Tukar.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Developments in respect of the Ilame-h and Samut mine- on the Carmichael conces- -ion of
 this company have been disappoint\-ing. Curiously enough, development in depth has been hindered by the quantity of water
 encountered. Hainesh is situated approxi\-mately 75 mile- Ca-t of the Nile, and Samut i- -nine 1.7 miles north-west of Hame-h.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 At Hamedi early advices reported exis\-tence ol two parallel reef-, approximately 900 feet
 apart, botli ot them indicating con\-tinuity over a stretch of somo 1,200 feet. No I reel, to the east, had three shafts}
\par
\pard\plain\tx181\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95\tab ink over a stretch of some *00 feet on}
\par
\pard\plain\tx784\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 the -trike north to south of the reef. On \'92he main northern -haft on the eastern lino
 of re* f, at the 60-foot level, "teef of good width, value low No, a -haft on the same eastern re**f indicated at different
 piint.s reel 2) feet to -4 f*-ot in lliickm-., -bowing \'93grains to 24 dwt." to the ton. and I h-Jt to 4$ feet "auriferous."
 At the pat fi-it level 30 inches width of reef imli'vited "rather over I dwt.\'94 At other (mints, r.-.-i w,v \'95\u9632 ?neoiintured
 from i\'BB inches to 30 in- ' he- vi le, with.values returned as "ft dwt up t*}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 d \'BBt.,\tab \'93.i dwt. t<> 20 dwt,\'94 "up to 5}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95i 't , "up to <5 dwt.' Some workings in the wc-tern parallel reef in the early developments
 w-n- reputed to -how f> inches to 15 inches tb'vkne\'97, value \'93I dwt. to 2 or." Work at this ! nt ha- for -ome time
 been }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 suspendes).}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 >imut likewise has been disappointing.Hero the p-f ha- l--en trace*) in its north and south
 i u\'97 for a distance of some 3,000 feet. In the N 1 -haft. 9 inche- to 1* inches thickness of r- : g.ivi- a showing of
 4 dwt from seven sam- 1 - In No. 2 shaft 6 to 1ft inches assayed "up t- 22 dwt.," and in lower workings \'93from a few }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \u9658 ? \'92'\'92lis }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 up to 7 dwt.\'94 In No. 4 shaft assays a . raged "over 9 dwt" Ol course these results so'
 from a quite inc-ui-iderahle amount of de\-velopment work, and that at near to surface.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Development work i- being proceeded with at D ingash, where r.-ef of reported encourag\-
ing character i- being developed, otid at Barrahme, where only initial workings have commenced in neighbourhood of extensive
 ancient workings.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 SUDAN GOLD FIELD, LIMITED.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 (Registered June 8, 1004.) \'92}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Office \'975 and 6 Queen Sreet Place, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 E. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 C. W. P. Garland, Secretary.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Managers and Consulting Engineers, John Taylor and Son*.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Do-aotor* i\'97Right Hon. Lord }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Vaux }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 of Harrow-}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 den, John Taylor, Sir Charles Tennant, Capt W.B. McTaggart Hon.Mark P.Napier, R. Taylor.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Accounts :\'97June 30. Meeting, Statutory, October 4, 1904.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Capital.\'97\'A3300,0<H), in \'A31 shares ; issued for part of vendor\'92s consideration,
 145,000 . hares, fully paid ; for vendor\'92s \'A330,000 cash consideration and for working capital, 1.75,000 -hares. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Ou }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 the-o shares 7s. 6d. per -hare is (>aid u]w.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 This Company acquired from the Egypt and Sudan Mining Syndicate its rights for wliat is
 termed the Suilan concession, including the Om Nabardi mining lca-e. lienee its property would appear to be the prospecting
 license, ex tending to August 31, 1907, over 22,000 square mile- of area, in which is uti actual mining lea-e for 21 year-(renewable)
 over 156 acres, containing the working- of the Om Nabardi mine ami a protected rone of 10 square mile- around the Out Nabardi
 mining lease. It will be at the Company s option to extend th.- rights on the protected tone for a further four years Irom
 the expiry (August 31, 1907), and agaiu further renew them for another four years. It is the intention to connect the Om
 Nabardi mine by branch railway to the Government main railway line, some 30 liiiloo distant, and such branch railway for
 carriage of fuel, machinery, timber, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 au }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 1 stores is under construction ; e-iiniated to cost \'A316,000 to \'A320,000.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 At Om Nabardi a good deal of initial work was done by the parent Syndicate, which followed
 up evidences of gold formation disclo-ed in the ancient workings. It cleared out the old workings, and proved existence
 o* and continuity ot reef. An ea-tern, a central, and a western shaft were sunk, and up to the date of the prospectus (June,
 190-1) the eastern -haft was showing at the 100 loot level an average of about 4 leot of reef, \'92\'91quite 2 oz. In the
 central shaft, which at that date was down about 200 Icet, driving at the 120-foot level encountered ore of the value of
 1J oz. At the west shutt, nt the \'95.7-foot level, for }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 t\'FCe }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 first 135 lect of driving the reef indi\-cated a few inches up to 4 feet, with an ave\-
rage returned as 22) dwt. Then the drive holed into ancient workings for a run of somo 27 feet, passed through these, and
 lor auotbei 10 Icet was iu reef matter averaging 14 inches thickuess, showing 4 oz. to tho ton. Mr. Llew\-ellyn, the superintending
 engineer, summa\-rised the pe-itiou at the eud of 1903 as foliows : "The development of tho rnino ha\-unt been attcuded
 with any startling disco\-veries ; but it is a striking fact that, of the 580 feet of drivage done at the eastern and western
 shafts, 60 per ceut, or 345 feet in length,has becu on paying reel.\'94 ("TbcStatist.\'94)}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 EGYPT AND THE SOCIETY OF BIBLICAL }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ABCH\'C6OLOGY.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The council\'92s report at the annual meeting hold on the 11th inst contains the following
 interesting statements of tho work of the society}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 In presenting their report at the beginning of tho 35th session of tho society, the council
 nave to deplore tho loss by death of three home members ami one foreign one during the post year. Of these, Mr. S. Arthur
 Strong, Librarian to the House of Lords and Professor ol Arabic at the University College of Loudon, was formerly a member
 of the council ; Major- Ueueral Furlongs was well known as a writer on the history of religions ; and Sir }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 W. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 T. Charley had published an account ol hi- travel- in tho Holy Laud and Egypt and Syria
 so recently a- two years ago : while in Professor Dr. Field the University of Up-ala and the world in general have lost
 a most distinguish\-ed Egyptologist.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A- against these losses the society lias re\-ceived many valuable additions in the shape
 of new members elected during the past year, and the number of members and subscribing libraries now stands at 410, or five
 more than in January last.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The pajicrs read before the society and printed in the 1\'91rocttdings will, it is believed,
 be found to be well up to tho level of former years, while pains Lavo been taken to make them as representative as possible
 of die dif\-ferent branches of archmology.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Withont referring further to those constant contributors whose name* are familiar to the
 society, it may be well to specially mention tho papers ot those whose contributions appear in the Proceedings for tho first
 titno, such as the \'93S diidie Biblical Fragments in the Bodleian Library," by Mr. E. 0. Winatedt ; and the \'93Ivory Diptych
 in the British Museum,\'94 by Air. 0. M. Dalton. Attention may also be drawn to the papers by such distinguished foreigners
 as M. Victor Loral, the former Director of tho Service }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 des Antiquit\'E9s }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 in Egypt, and Professor Dr. E. Mahler, of the University of Buda-I\'92csth, upon Egyptian
 chronology. So long as our Proceedings con\-tinue to receive sueh recruits, it is felt that they can challenge comparison
 with tho work of die society at any carlior time.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 BIBLIOGRAPHIE}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 UNA CROCIERA SUL NILO*}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Le Capitaine E. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 d\'92Albertis, qui a d\'E9j\'E0 publi\'E9 plusieurs ouvrages du m\'EAme genre, vient de
 nous donner sa \'93Croisi\'E8re sur le Nil", ouvrage de* plus attachants tant par l\'92\'E9l\'E9gance du style et de l\'92\'E9dition
 que parl\'92int\'E9r\'EAt du sujet lui-m\'E8ino. L\'92ouvrage est divis\'E9 en trois partie\'BB qui en font ressortir l\'92importance:
 I}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\super\scaps0\cf1 e}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1  r\'E9veil \'E9conomique de l\'92Egypte \'97 grand r\'E9servoir d\'92Assonan, 2" de }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Khartoum }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'E0 Gondokoro et 8* \'E9tudes et projets. Une multitude de photo\-gravure\'BB d\'92un go\'FBt
 exquis ajoutent encore \'E0 l'int\'E9r\'EAt du texte, de telle sorte qu\'92on peut suivre pas \'E0 pas l\'92explorateur
 scientifique doubl\'E9 d\'92une \'E2me de po\'E8te.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 * KdiU pu a tftua O. B. Vanna \'AB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Comp. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 TUta \'97 Scsi* \'97 KUaa - flore\'BB\'BB - X\'BBj>tow}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel7\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark0}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 UNDER THE MOSQUITO }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 NET*:}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark0}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'93At I lay\'BB alhiniyngr."}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 IssgoUeby.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 A }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 letter }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 njqicnrcd }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 in the }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'93 Gazette \'94 on }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Thursday headed \'93Cairo Complaints." It might well have had another title \'97 \'93Happy-
 go-lucky Cairo," which would have accurately expressed the way that many things appear to he ordered in Egypt's Capital.
 I spent three or four months there in 1903, and was highly amused at much that I saw going on.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95 \'95}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The writer of the letter alluded to the peak\-ing coses that encumber the lootway of the
 Mou-ky. Why, that's nothing ! I }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 bave }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 seen 5 or 6 women deliberately sit down for a quiet talk there, mid take up the whole of
 the pave\-ment withont any one\'97policeman orpedestriou \'97taking the slightest notice. The shopkeeper may be seen sitting
 on a chair that occupies half the narrow footway, without let or hindrance, and this in one of the busiest and most crowded
 streets of the city I \'95 \'95}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 And on the Nile bridge die native thinks i nothing of resting in the middle of his walk
 i across, and depositing his load on the narrow sidewalk, completely blocking it for foot pas\-sengers and compelling them
 to turn out into the carriage-way. Maltsh / No remonstranoe i is made. We are in happy-go-lucky Egypt, and must take things
 as we find them. JSiamo in Egitto.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95 \'95}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 But perhaps it may be thought that in tho i modern city of Alexandria things are manag\-
ed better in this respect. Are they I I think about the coolest piece of impudence I ever -aw in this way was what 1 witnessed
 ono morning in one ol the leading thoroughfares.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A carpet was being plauned at a furniture shop. Three widths of it were laid side i by side,
 extending not only over the pavement > but into th<\u9632 ? rniddU of th* road,\'97quite regard- i less of obstruction both
 to foot and oarriago i traffic,\'97while the tradesman leisurely com- * pleted his matching of the pattern, measure\-ment,
 etc.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 9 9}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 To return to Cairo. If we turn to the less t crowded thorougfares, and saunter through |
 through such a quarter os tho Esbekieh, we > find tho same total disregard of the oomfort t ot the foot passenger. Ho may
 have to step | over the sleepiug Arab stretched at full | length acrott the pavement, or find the whole i length of a short
 street blocked by boxes of * merchandise which remain for dayt waiting to I be unpacked or for tho empty case* to be t removed.
 Happy-go-lucky, all of it.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95 \'95}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I described an experience I once had in a carriage on the occasion of the Kisweh pro- .
 ee\'97mu a week or two ago, and need not reier | to it again, but the somo easy-going, do-oe-you- t like state ot affairs
 is of every-day uccurrenoe, | and how drivers can be allowed to take i carriages through narrow courts and street* | hardly
 wide enough to permit their being | passed in single filo by jxxiestrians, passes my , comprehension. It\'92s all very fuuny\'97aud
 it\'92s Cairo.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 JUDGE OF THE SUPREME COURT}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Was Alarmingly Afflicted. .With La-Grippe.; Cured by Pe-ru-na.\'BB}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel7\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Pe-ru-na}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark1}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 cures more cases of la grippe than all other remedies combined*}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 W. H. Parson\'BB U Ex-Stale Scalar and Ex-A pedal Judge of the Supreme Court of Texas, also
 Brlg*dter-G*neral In Confederate Army. In a recent letter frost 923 U Street, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 N. W, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Washington, D. C, thia prominent gentle\-man \'BBay\'BBt}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 "Upon the recommendation Ot person*I Mends and many strong testi\-monials aa to ttsa etlicacy
 ot Pernna In tha treatment ot th* mumeroms symptomt ot the grippe with which I hare been attUcted tor tom month*}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 past, I have been Induced lo undergo a treatment with thia Justly cele\-brated formula.
 / feel a decided change tor the better attar using It only one week, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 U }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I* especially good to toning up the stomach and baa had a}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 encouraged that /}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 heated formula. I feel a decided cheng}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 decided effect upon my appetite. | / therefore feet am on the road to complete restoration.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 "My numerous }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Manda }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tn Texas, Where I here bed the honor to com\-mend a brigade.}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 -et ber }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Veteran P}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 retry In a four year*\'92 war, mayaccept this voluntary testimonial to (ha merits of }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Parusse }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 aa a aeaae otebllgmMon on my parthrr tts wonderful efficacy. \'94\'97W. H. Parson*.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 >WiU \'ABmm of *M}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 mooooa in.mbr.iM. by 1U Mtlon on lb. i }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 tm.}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  motor lyitam of um.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \u9632 ? Imj p*non who hw hod U grippe daring }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Um}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 lut }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 year .tumid tab. . conn, of Ibnuu. Wo }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 ocm}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  and np\'AB\'AB ptrl.l reeoTery unlou they do to. Th. grlpp. hv produced catarrhal Inflammation
 of }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 (}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  th. whol. maeou. membrane, mil good health U lmpoutbU anUl the. restored to . normal condition.
 ThU Peran. will do. A gml many nu- dlu her. bun lOCgeeMd for thu coo* dltlon from Um. to time, bat Peran. tppwn tab. th.
 only mudy that bu any .ubstaatlai-vnlw* intbcM\'ABuu. It hu n.T.r foiled to giro ulUOu-Uoa daring forty yura* experience
 end .till \'95couple, th. anlqae poeltloo of being the leading(If art th. only ) (pulAc rem\-edy for the UMr-afTecu of la
 grippe.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 nrnry DUItn, the Inventor and maker of nU the bend }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 la.trament* }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 for th. Henry Dletm Manufacturing Co., wrltu I th. followtbg from 1441 Booth Ninth I rtreet,
 Philadelphia, Pa. i}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'93 I had n bad attack of In }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 grippa lut }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 December which luted more than thru ! month., and which left me with catarrh, and eereral
 of my friend, adeiud me to try Parana. I began with a bottle th. flret we*k In March and It crtnlnly did [ ra. n gr.nl deni
 of good. I wu to well .aUefled that I pairbond another bottle and followwl th\'BB direction*, and na eey that It huctred
 me."\'97li.nry }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 t\'FCetln.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 If yon do not derlr* prompt and t+ti\'BB- factory runlU from the }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 oh}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  of Per.no, writ# at uu to Dr. Hartman, \u9632 ?tvttig n fall .tale moot of }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 y }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 oar }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ou. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 and he will I b. pleaud to glee yon ki* valuable nd- |Ttu gratia.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Addru. Dr. Hartman, Pruldont of Tb. Hartman Sanitarium, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Colomba*, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 O.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Thera Is no remedy In the world that I soothe\'BB while it eUmnletes, heels }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 es }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 It meets the conditions produced by la ! expurgates. Psrune isnol frpuraettv* grippe better
 then the remedy, Perane. I or cathartic, or soda tire, or }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 stimulent,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Pcrune strengthens as It renovates, I nor e vegetable or mineral poison. It}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 *4 reward of $10,000 has been deposited In tbe Market Exchange Bank, Colum\-bus, Ohio, as
 a guarantee that .tbe above testimonial is genuine; that we hold in our possession authentic letters certifying to the same.
 Every one of our }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 tes}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 - t imoniaia are genuine and in the words of the one whose name is appended.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 For special}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 ;}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  directions everyone should reed \'93 Tux }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Ills}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  or Ltrg." a oopy ot whioh bottle. Pernna is for sale by ail chemists and druggists at fir#
 shilling\'BB per bottle or}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 surrounds eeoh six buUlee lev}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 twenty five shillings.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Those wishing direct corrM])bnd\'ABnoe with Dx. HexTitex and oon wait the neceeoary delay
 in reoeiring \'95 reply ahonld adore*\'BB Dr. 8, B. HARTMAN, Golambua, Ohio, U.S.A.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The following wholesale druggist will rapply the retail ding trade In Alexandria, Egypt}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 MAX FISCHER,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Alexandria, Egypt}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 It t>K>k inc some time to become used to the uveragu side walks (they can't - be called
 pavements) of Egypt's two principal cities. One is almost tempted to come to the con\-clusion that tho authurities consider
 walking a thing to he discouraged and to be properly rewar*led with broken limbs, if attempted. Many are the traps laid
 fur the unwary.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 In tho Ismailia quarter of Cairo many of the trees have the watering excavation round them
 covered with circular iron gratings. Wuo betide the foot poa.enger }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 il }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 he start\'BB for a short walk and, noticing these, expect* to find them universally used.
 If he does not keep bis eyes open, ho will soon find some un\-protected hole* more than a foot deop, aud. perhaps full of
 water, into which bo may \'95\'95a.ily \'BBtcp,^ especially if he be short-sighted.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx1553\tx1854\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95\tab t\tab ,}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Due could go on nil infinitum in pointing, out all that need\'BB improvement, much of it,
 doubtless, allowed to exist in spite ol official regulations to tho contrary. Wo are in happy-go-lucky land, and must grin
 and bear it all. So completely doe\'BB .thia conclusion impress itself upon the mind that one almost wouders, when the tnidihty
 gun is fired, to bear the whistle of the 12 o'clock express to Cairo almost simultaneously. I suppose though, even in Egypt,
 trains must start to time, if so many other things go on in a haphazard fashion.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx1553\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95\tab \'95}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 So long as a free aml-eosy state of things is only productive of inconvenience to the for\-
eigner who has taken up bis abode in Egypt and has to accommodate himself to Eastern modes of life, there is not much to
 be said, for somo of the old-time customs are quite barm }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 le.-*\'BB, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 and, by their quaintnc*\'BB and the contrast they present to Western ideas, very interesting
 to the observant traveller ; but when it be\-comes a question of the health and life of the community at large, thru the
 need of action, and vigorous action too, manifests itself.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx1553\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95\tab 9}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 But here comes in the iact that, spite of all denials to the oontrary, long residence in
 Egypt dors tend to blunt the perceptions, even if it does not lower the moral status, of English\-men or other European
 inhabitants. Other\-wise how is it that remonstrance, advice, and Complaint on matter* ot vital importance to tho nation
 are so systematically neglected in high place* 1}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2872\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Take for instance }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 t\'FCe }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 reoently published reports and letters on the subject of infant mortality. The figurea for
 the five yeara ^886- 1890 recently quoted are most extraordinary, and it is a remarkable fact that the percentage}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 1 }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 of deaths of children from 6 to 10 years of age is higher than that of either infante under
 13 month*) or ohildren from 1 to 6.\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 1}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 * II\'BB\'BB officialdom vouchsafed any information on the \'ABubjoct, or told us if these
 shucking figures are modified by the : overdue later statistics I Or what moaaurc* have been taken to reduce the mortality
 I Oh dear no ' Chil\-dren 1 Who care\'BB about them I The population increases quite fast enough, and if all were to live
 the land wouidbe overrun. Bo the authori\-ties are silent and the pachydermatous skin remains unpiurced by such trivial
 shot* as public opinion is able to fire.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'DC}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 No question of social or political economy ban possibly arise in such a matter a* that of
 tile firing or dying of children born into this World. No child is bom merely to die off in a jhort space of time. Infantile
 mortality there must be, so long a\'BB men \'95 and women do nut Conform to the rules of life necessary for the production
 of healthy offspriug ; but it should l>o tlie. aim of an enlightened Government to fender tho live\'BB of tho children bom
 to the 0tate as secure as good laws and advice can make them.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ..V .}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I England\'BBresponsibility doos not end with the estahlinhnent of works for tho iueroase
 of the material prosperity of the country. If the fellaheen are placed by her effort\'BB in a posi\-tion to enable them
 to become - more wealthy, it is equally hiuuiuhcnt - upon those who have tho guidanoc of-affairs to see that social re forms
 arc not neglected, and surely it is not too nitich to expect that these will not be lost sight of by the advisers to thediffereut
 depart }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ment* }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 of State.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 T. A.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'BB}
\par
\pard\plain\tx383\tx1736\tldot\tx2662\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 in\tab ... ...a\'BB\'BB..-\tab\tab}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 CHAMPAGNE .}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 GEORGE GOULET.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 BT }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 8PBC11L APPOUTMBT TO HI8 MAJESTY THE KINO.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 REIMS.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 S0l\'A3 AGENT IN EGYPT AND SUDAN.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 NICOLA 6. SABBAG'}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ALEXANDRIA,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 S, Rue dr la Oar< }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 du Caire T\'E9l\'E9phona Mo. BW.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 A KM Y }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AND NAVY.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 (Prom }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps\cf1 ocb Correspondent.)}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 London,-January }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 13.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Colonel }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 the Hon. Milo }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 0. Talbot, R.E , }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Di\-rector of Surveys at Khartoum, has bceoplacod on half-pay on completion of five years\'92
 service as a regimental lieutenant-colonel. Mt was elated some time ago that his case did not come under tho provisions
 of the Royal war\-rant, but that was erroneous. Colonel Talbot lias rendered substantial service in both peace aud war.
 His first active oenrioe experience was in the Jowaki-Afridi Expedition 1877-78 (modal with clasp), and tbe following two
 years be spent iu }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Afghanistan }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 under Roberts. He was at the assault on and capture oi Fort Ali Musjid, tbe action of Cbarasiah,
 the fight\-ing round Kabul, and Roberta's great march Irom that place to Kandahar and tho battle under its walls (mentioned
 in despatches, medal under lour clasps, aud Kandahar modal), llo shared in the Mahood-Wuxzeree Expedi\-tion, 1881, and was
 staff officer for Intel\-ligence under Kitchener in the Sudan Campaign of 1897-98, including the battle of Khartoum, and
 he was Director of Military' Intelligence in tho operations of 1890, which hually crushed tho Khalifa (twioc mentioned in
 despatches, brevet lieutenant-colonelcy, medal, Khedive\'92s medal, with two clasps and 3rd dans Osmauieb). Colonel Talbot
 had looked lorward to further employment as lie has a substantial margiu between him and the age rules.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 In connection with the new arrangement of depot* under Mr. Arnold-Fora tor\'92s reorganisa\-
tion, the depot of the Royal Inniskilluig }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Fusi\-llera }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 will move from Omagh to Armagh as part of the "North Iriah" Depot ; that of tbe lluyal Berks
 Kegimeut from Heading to War\-wick os part ol the "South Midland Depot, whilst the Kilie Depot will remain aa hereto\-fore
 at Winchester.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 On February 7 the "King Bdwaid VII,\'94 battleship, will bo commissioned at Portsmouth,
 aud Rear-Admiral }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 W. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 H. May will hoist his flag in her, and will prooeed aa soon ae ready tor a short experimental
 cruise, in order to fist the ship as may be desirable* On March 1 Rear-Admiral May will join the Atlantic Fleet, and take
 over tho command from Lord Charles Beresford, who will then return to Portsmouth.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A special Army Older just issued states that all enlistments in the Royal Garrison Artillery,
 exoept of artificers and boys, will be lor a period of Dine yean with the ooloura and three in the Reoenre. Tbe terms of
 service of artificer* will be for three years oolonr service and nine year* reserve service, and thoee of boy* will be for
 twelve yean, ae at present}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I learn from kn American paper that it if to the prohibition of spectacle in the British
 Army that we owe the invention of the mo\-nocle 1 \'93About a century ago an army order wm iuued forbidding officers to
 wear ejr*- }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 glane, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 or }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 speotacles. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 But a sbortagkted efteee belonging to a crock cavalry regiment had no mind to resign hi.
 commission or rtwthlg blindly, and he invented the single }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'ABye-glasa }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 When called to account by the authorities }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 h\'E9 }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 claimed that the monocle, being of the singular number, did not contravene the order against
 spectacle, and gloMe. in the plural, Red tape accepted this literal rendering-of the hsr.V}
\par
\pard\plain\cbpat1\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf8 mk}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel1\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark2}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 FT}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark2}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel7\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark3}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 N. 8 P A TH E 8 v}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark3}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Oarao * iuBimu*}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 NB.\'97TbiB Whisky h tbfeMow}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 u \'ABapplied to the Bed Ortas* ciety, London, for ruse by the invalided troope end hospitele
 in Fonth Africa, \u9632 ? to the Honee o1 Lord* and Home of Qonmoue }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB**}
\par
}
