{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deflang1033\adeflang1033\deflangfe1033\deff0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\stshfdbch0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial Unicode MS;}
}
{\colortbl
;
\red0\green0\blue0
;
\red0\green0\blue255
;
\red0\green255\blue255
;
\red0\green255\blue0
;
\red255\green0\blue255
;
\red255\green0\blue0
;
\red255\green255\blue0
;
\red255\green255\blue255
;
\red0\green0\blue128
;
\red0\green128\blue128
;
\red0\green128\blue0
;
\red128\green0\blue128
;
\red128\green0\blue0
;
\red128\green128\blue0
;
\red128\green128\blue128
;
\red192\green192\blue192
;
\red0\green102\blue204
;
}
{\*\defchp\fs24\afs24\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0}
{\*\defpap\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\li0\ri0\ltrpar\ql\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1}
{\stylesheet
{\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\li0\ri0\ltrpar\ql\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1\lang1033\langfe1033\f0\fs24\afs24\charscalex100\expndtw0
\cf1\dn0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10\additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\cs15\additive\ul\cf17\sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}
}
{\info
{\title}
{\subject}
{\author}
{\keywords}
}
\paperw20878\paperh26669\margl1440\margr1440\margt1430\margb1430\gutter0\viewkind1\viewzk1\fet2
{\*\ftnsep
{\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\chftnsep\par}
}
{\*\aftnsep
{\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid\chftnsep\par}
}
\facingp\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel
\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev
\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal\noxlattoyen\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\nolnhtadjtbl\notbrkcnstfrctbl
\dgmargin\dghspace181\dgvspace181\dghshow1\dgvshow1\sectd\ltrsect\sbknone\headery0\footery3\colsx720\sectlinegrid360\sftnbj\sftnrstcont
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, FaIDaY, JANUARY }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 20, W05.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I'ONTKOL OK ME NILE.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark0}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 NOTES VROM GUIKGKU. LETTERS TO THE}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark0}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel8\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 EDITOR}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark1}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 topMli}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 IMPORTANT ARTICLE.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 >ir llmilmry Brown contributes an into re^liu^ and important article on the ooutrol uf iho
 Nile in "Public Works" for January. We extract the following passages :\'97}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TRUK FUNCTIONS OF THK NILE DAMS.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Two popular errors are prevaleut concern\-ing tin- A-'otiaii Dam and tile Aasiout Bjvrrage.
 One i' that the Assouan Dam utotierate* a high flood and increases a low flood. 'I\'92his is not the case. The flood is
 not in any way allccted cither iu volume or level except immediately abovo the dam, where the heading up, doe to the obstruc\-
tion of the dam, may raise the river level .\'91is metres as a maximum in an extreme th.al. In Kgypt, north of Assouan, the
 flood conditions remain unaltered by the construc\-tion of the dam. The function of the dam i. to sloie water for the purpose
 of increas\-ing the rivet discharge in the months of lowest supply, which come before the river commence\'BB to rise. For
 the lull benefit to Lave been obtained from the reservoir, the stored water should have been all discharged by the date
 on which the rise ot the river is sufficiently advanced for the natural flow to require no supplementing.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The second popular error is that there are two reservoirs\'97one at Assouan and one at Assiout.
 This is wrong, in that there is no reservoir at all at Assiout. The Assiout Bar- . r\'BBgo is a work of distribution, not
 of storage. Its duty is to raise the river level to that height which gives to the perennial canal of Middle Kgypt it* fair
 share of the river dis- cliarge, wntle the balance passes through the barrage to irrigate Lower Egypt,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TPl\'92ER NILE PROBLEMS.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 There are difficult, yet interesting, problems}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 be solved concerning the control of the Nile between its sources and Wady Haifa}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 There is the quustlun to be considered as to whether the bquatonid lakes in Uganda and laike
 Tsana in Abyssinia can be utilised as reservoirs. They have the delect of being too largo iu relation to their catchment
 areas and rainfall, the Equatorial lakes especially, which, on that account, have limitations as storage '\'ABsins, of such
 a definite order, that the state\-ment that "Egypt has inexhaustible supplies c! water at the sources of the Nile, from
 which to a-id to the summer discharges of the river," belt\'BB)\'BB a waut of jUst uppiecialiou el thoso limitations. Bui
 whatever may be their dis\-qualifications }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ou }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 this account, there is an almost latal objection to both as storage reser\-voirs, iu that,
 w Uatever increase ot discharge may bo produced at the point of outflow from the reservoir, the water has to pas\'BB through
 the region of the swuuips, where it spreads out over an cnotmous area, and is lost by evapora\-tion and absorpiiou. So that
 it is Useless to contemplate reservoirs in these far-away lake* till the problems of tiie \'93sadd" have been sol veil.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Stress has been laid upon tbe limitations ol the equatorial lakes as possible storage reser\-
voirs wuh the object of curiecting the extra\-vagant idea* prevailing as to their unlimited potentialities. It is, nevertheless,
 true (if the uncertain data as to discharges given iu the Blue Book are lacts) that sufficient wafer couiil bo stored in
 tour mouths to increase the dis\-charge tor the remaning eight mouths of the year to the full extent required. If a barrage
 were made (and it could be made for \'A31,U00,00UJ on the river below the point where the Victoria Nile delivers the Victoria
 Lake contribution to tbe .Albert Luke, aud if, for four months, gh,000,000 cubic metres a day only were allowed, lor the
 sake of naviga\-tion, to pa\'BBs this barrage, and the remainder of tho discharge were retained in Lake Albert, the quantity
 stored would amount to 5,000,000,000 cubic metros ; enough to in\-crease tho river discharge for the remaining \'95tight
 months from its preseut mean of 769 cubic metres a second to 1,000 cubic metres a second, which is all that Egypt requires
 for its full development}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 STRENGTH UF THE ASSOUAN DAM.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The .Assouan Dam has now been tested through two seasons, aud has shown }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 do}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  sigus of weakness. But there have not been wanting alarmists to prophesy that tho Nilo
 will burst in- binds in sunder. The latest was a popular writer ol sensational fiction, who, after a re\-cent visit to Asaouau,
 published his impres\-sion that be saw the dam leaking badly, not merely "weeping." On inquiry being made of irrigation
 men on leave in Eugland as to what gave roe to this impression, it was suggested that thu visitor must have been suffering
 from the inspiration under the influence of which he writes his books, or else must have mistaken the discharge through
 the sluices for leaks, if tho latter, he was quite justified iu considering "tbe leaks" alarming.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 PROVINCIAL CRIME.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Tahta, January 18.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Not a week passes by without a case of crime being reported in this district. Iu each case
 tho perpetrators are uuknown,\'97a fact which is perplexing the mimla of tho authorities. Three days ago, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Mohamed HL. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ay Bey Issa, our able }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Substitut du }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Parquet, procooded to investigate two cases }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'F4f }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 murder which bad occurred in tho village of El Kootueh. One of the who wo\'BB still surviving,
 statod in the}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'BB. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 .to not boll nvmiim SMktra b| o.riwn.i.vAoa, bui }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'BB. \'ABWS. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 to }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'BB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 *nrW }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'BB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 st}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 to }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'ABII. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 W fejnuii wuh.lt! csrWn m reair rj Um<U}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mm McGILLIVKAY.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 To }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 thk Euitor}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  or }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 tub}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  Ecmnax }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 (Jazkttk S}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ir,\'97I }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 bave }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 perused \'93A Friend of Mao\'92s\'94 letter referring to the attacks which have been mode
 in another newspaper upon certain in\-dividuals connected with the National Bank of Egypt and likewise the attacks themselves,
 victims, . but I am unable to judge from their tenour}
\par
\pard\plain\tlul\tx1284\tlul\tx1806\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1\tab\tab  }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'93proc\'E8s* }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 whether they ure intended eolely to injure tho}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 verbal" that while ho and his murdered mm- ! reputations of the persons to whom they allude,
 pauion were watching over their cattle by , \'97which is to me of no great concern, as they night in their barn, they were
 suddenly fired , ought to be able to take care of themeelvea,\'97 upon by unknown individuals. As is always or for tl e
 puqmso of "bearing the market, tho case in such circumstances, tbe Oindeh ha* ! which touche* me very nearly, being a share-}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 been charged to seek out the culprits.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A CASK OF PATRICIDE.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Mohamed }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Bey Saleh, President of Assiout Native Court, together with two other judges of the same
 tribunal, has arrived hero on a judicial mission to Nailet Omara. They carno to investigate the case of the well-known criminal
 Sharmik, who was charged, some five months ago, with the crime ol patricide. Sharmik, owing to his former misdeeds, had
 been watched over day and night by his cousin, one ot the ghatfirs of that village. Wish\-ing to get rid of such odious
 vigilanoe, ho strangled his poor old father and accused tbe gbaffir in question of tho murder. From the enquiries held,
 it was found that Sharmik was tbe real murderer, and that two years ago be had slain his sister for the very same reason.
 Now that his guilt has been proved, jugtice will be }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 doua.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TOUR OF INSPECTION.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Morice }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Boy arrived here to-day on his tour of inspection. Ho wont to Tahta Native Court, inspected
 tho Parquet Office, and after\-wards left for 8ohag.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 EFFECTS OF BARRAGES.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Tho barrages which were constructed two years ago on tho Subagbieh Canal, near Tahta, have
 proved very useful this year as they liavc irrigated over 50,000 feddous in 48 hours. Were it not for this dam, these lands
 would hive been loft sharaki. The com and other crops promise to yield a good harvest, thus making good the damage sustained
 last year owiug to the depredation* of tho worms.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ! holder. Iu cither ovent, the result may be tho same, and I greatly fear that unless )
 vigorous and prompt action be taken tbe value I of my shares may be considerably depreciated, j Many others.no doubt, similarly
 circumstanced, participate in my apprehensions. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 U il }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 in\-conceivable that the directors of tbe National Bank should allow us shareholders to
 be thus victimised, which will certainly be the case if they do not adopt measures tostop these attacks. Of course we are
 fully aware that despite these article* National Bank shares have bounded np within the laat few days. But that is not a
 sufficient rejoinder. The }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 publie }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 here seem to attach absolutely no-importance to the statements contained in this sheet.
 But somebody might send a oopy of the paper to London, and there, owing }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 te }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ignorance of local conditions, it might bo assumed that the paper carries! some weight}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 It is therefore possible that thoso personal attacks might do barm and, for my part, i think
 the bank should, unless Mr. Mo- Gillivray acts himself, take actioD to put a stop to this campaign. I would not for one
 moment suggest that the journal in question is inspired by any malicious motives, but at the same timo 1 should like to
 know whether any applioation has been made by tbe paper to the National Bank for an advertisement, and if so, whether or
 not this request met with a refusal.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I am, Sir,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Yorrs truly,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 "Ejkjcibkb."}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Cairo, January 18.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 CAPE TO CAIRO TELEGRAPH. THE WIRELESS SYSTEM.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 In a description of tbe progress which is being mado with tho Capo to Cairo telegraph, a
 writer in tho Glasgow Herald states that tbe line has now reached Udjidji, the capital and chief town of German East Africa,
 whioh is on the oastern shore ol Laka Tanganyika. For the moment construction work is suspended while tho route northwards
 is carefully surveyed and tho sections of the line that have been erected are got iuto thorough work\-ing order. From a
 purely commercial poiut of view the lino is fully coming up to, if not exceeding, the expectations that were formed couoermng
 iu When the work of construction is recommenced the route will probably be along the eastern shore of the Victoria Nyanza,
 and wilt then strike duo north to the town of }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Rosaires, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 which Is the southern\-most point of the Sudanese telegraph system. A junction will be effected
 beie between tho two lines, and tho scheme for a "Cape to Cairo" telegraph will then be an ac\-complished fact. The engineers
 of the line are, however, faced with a difficulty in their prepa rations for carrying it lorward from Udjidji, in os much
 os the country lor a distance of nearly 100 miles through which tbe line would have to pass is very swampy, and quite unfit
 for the erection of a telegraph wire. Itwasatfirst thought that a wide detour would have to bo mado at this point in order
 to escape this region, but lat\-terly other counsels have prevailed, and a much more daring experiment is likely to bo tried.
 This is the installation ol the Marooni system of wireless telography in order to bridge over the inhospitable belt of oonntry.
 This combination of an African jungle-swamp with the latest triumph of scientific discovery reads very strangely, but it
 is only another instance of the onward march of civilisation through what were until a comparatively few years ago the unknown
 parts of the earth.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 G. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 BRANDAUER &'Co\'92s.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 1 * I }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 M }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 T K }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 U}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\outlinelevel8\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Circular Pointed}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 PENS.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \u9830 ?at\'BB}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 This Benee of Pens write as smoothly as a Lead Pencil.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Neither Scratch nor Sport, the points being rounded by a special process Assorted Bam pie
 Box for seven stamps from the}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 WORKS, BIRMINGHAM.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 f \'ABlatter *\} iCraring Cvcnii}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 January.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Fri. >0}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AltXAMDBTA.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Voriery Eaiamir.-}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 0FPIC1AL SPELLING.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 To }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 thk Editor of thk Eotptun }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps\cf1 Gazette.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Sir,\'971 am sorry to say I overlooked the courteous letter of \'93Reader" in your issue
 of January 11, and it baa only just been brought to my notice. Ilia difficulty is due to one of those "vulgar error\'BB"
 which are even more common in the case of linguistic science than in tbe case of other sciences. For the purpose* of transliteration,
 cA is what is called a "non- symbol," whether tbe alphabet be scientific or practical, siuoo it has no recognised value,
 1 representing a guttoral in Italian, a sibilant in | French, a palatal in English, and a guttoral j aspirate iu Germau.
 The question of translite\-ration is really a very simple one for those [ who \'ABre phoneticians, or even for those who
 have studied the elementary works of Sievers or Sweet ; but we cannot discuss tbe motions of the stars utile*\'BB we have
 some knowledge of astronomy.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps\cf1 A. H. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Satcb.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Dahabia 'Tatar," Assouan, January 16.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Ai4***ou'* Gordon (sent. 4 }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 t}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  m}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 N*w Motonio Hall. Z Hand Chapter 8.10 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Abba* Helmy Theatre. Boar\'BB* Italian operetta company in It Carnet del}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Diacolo 9 pan.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AJbam'-r* Tfamtre. Bellet and Variety Company 9 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Set. tl }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Monter;}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ak/i Hall. Alexandria Swim\-ming Clnb'a Smoking ( on oar t. 9 pm. Eielnla Theatre. Freneh
 ooioedy com\-pany. L'Enfant in Miracle. 9 pm. Wed. 26 Montanato\'91. Bell. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Beo\'F9ol }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 by Ur. 8eoU LeeSe under inaptQM of A.L. M. and D.8. 9 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Tbura. 96 Be.mm'. Homo. New Year\'92. Treat. Bel 18 New }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Kh\'E9divial Ht }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ML Anawo-Hon^- rian Chorny Ball.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Moo. *0 }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 H. B. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 U't }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Corsai}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 oe Genera! Utahn* Alex Amoaear Athletic dub. 6. (ftp m }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Cercle }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Khedivial'e first "At Home " Dancing 9 80 pm.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 CAIRO.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 January.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Fri 90. Theatre dee VouveauMe. Variety }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Ester-}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 taiament 8 10 j.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Troeadero. Variety Entertainment 9.90 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Abdem Palaoe. Khaditial Pall. 10 pm. Savoy Hotal Small Donee 10 p.m. rbepheard's Hotel.
 Band Royal Inni- \'95 killing Fusiliers 4 to 6 p m.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Kh.divial Opera Home. Italian Opera Company in La Qicconda 9 p m. Verdi Tbiot-e }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Italien }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Opera Company in Qli Puriiani. 9 pm.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Zoological Gardena. Performance by E A. Bend in afternoon.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Pbepbeard\'92e Hotel. Small Deroe 10pm. K. 8 0., Ghexireh. Beocrd Winter Beeee. 2.80 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Thors. 26 Ghexireh Polaee Hotel. Small Denoe. 10 pm.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 K. 8. C, Gbrxiroh. Beoond Winter Foe** 8 80 pm.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Eauer'i Birthday. Berviee LnCera Cba-ob, 10 a m. Reception. German Agency end Con-o'ate
 Banquet Grand Continental Hotel. 8 pm. boirda Go-- m-n Club.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Tm f \'95 lob. Etlraordinary general meet\-ing K.8.O.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Bbipbe*rd'a Hotel. Amual Grand Co\-tillon Ball. 10 p m.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Crddit }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Foncier }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Egyptian M rating ol Shareholder*. 8 pm.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Bodah liland New River Club Inau\-guration Ur*. Kwtirg* "At Horn*."}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel4\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\*\bkmkstart bookmark2}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 CHEAP ADVERTISEMENTS.}
{\*\bkmkend bookmark2}
\par
\pard\plain\outlinelevel4\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ( Prepaid. )}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AOARDB INTERNATIONAL INDUSTRIES AND 1RADH MARKS REGISTER. - A oeeiuj boeii r*a direouny
 aor.Mining adcrame* of all important bnsinea* firm* of Grtat Britain tba Continent, at d Egypt. C ii oo'atrrg oD over Europe
 and America Pnee - One pour d Sterling. Poet Fro*.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AOARDB INTERNATIONAL HOTEL }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 OVIDE }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 wnt poet fro* M all fit }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 et }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 elaa throughout Europe, America, th Kgypt. The beet ratafee hook lor travellers.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 For advertising epee* in bath book* apply to Ur. W. K Walton, Howl <u Nil, Cairo.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 APPLY for Fnneh, Italian. Arabia. German, M the }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 barbu, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 school*, Alexandria (96, Baa }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 de }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 FEgliee CopM) ; ceixa (bherie Kamel). Uoet rapid method Tnel leaaon free. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Et }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'ABting cltnw at Al- x- endrie, P.T. 60 per month. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'CFW.68 }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 80 }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 8\'C2 }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 804}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 BLICK TYPEWBITBR8, No. 6 \'A39, No. 7 XU.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2271\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 W.T. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Emmena. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 99 Baa Allarine, Alexandria. Addreaa, Poet Office Box 98.\tab 81-19-906*}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 LKCTBICAL Engineer, College graduate, two }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  Beg respectfully to an-}
\par
\pard\plain\tx4011\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 year*\'92 experience, wenu position. AUm '\tab .i ,* ri}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2337\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 0 O , Box 461, Cairo,\tab 26*604-8 UOUX1C6 til Git til6y U&V6}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 E}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 l}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Sat. tl}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Son. 29}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Uon. 28 Wed. 96}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2645\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 FYGUU.- Dr. 7. K. Oehrfl, Fa>oum cor\-respondent ol the -\'91Egyptian Gmtetta," i\'AB eady
 to give any information, help, \'95 r advice os to the Payoam proviooeaod the enrror ndiog daeert, lakes, tte , to compact
 i, banks, firms, merchants, I}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ai }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 d loan banks,tonna|a, or othan; bavi- g a thorough knoalodge of the eoonwy for tba last
 fiitean y*ar\'AB. Write to the *bo> * addte s\tab 6u 8}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 received their various stocks in the latest styles suitable for the present Season.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 G&OTBft:}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A large assortment of}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 if 188 MINA hUEPPABD is moving ber Camp Black*, Bines, Scotch,}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2999\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'EFk\'C6Jn; LL1\'CE\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Irish & Hams Tweeds.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 wi. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 h Ut joui }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 her trill ki dly}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'97 -, Py i '}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2349\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 "TEBMAN BOOKKEEPER, many year*' tx- J p* irco*. tboroegh knowledg* oi English and bieoeb,
 In owing *l*i Italian and Arabia, reck* time boo. fleet reference* App'y, No 26964 "Egyp\-tian Garotte" ofiioea.\tab *6964
 8 1}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Fri. 97}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Set. 98}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Uon 80}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Toes. 81}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 <AILY WEATHER REPOR }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 f}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'95)**IRYATIOMB BT BURT BY DRFAHTMRJO}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ALEXANDRIA.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 mmxicc of witd..}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Visit OKS\'92 LIS IS}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 V EGYPTIAN GAZETTE eet }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 en }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 rente dam }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 le* rues du Caire }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tout Ut toin, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'E0 }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 7 h. SO, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 except\'E9 Ut }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 dimanchet }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 et }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 joure }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 f\'E9ri\'E9}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 t. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Ia}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  journal erf autti }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 en }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 rente }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 aux }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 garet }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 du Caire, d'AUxandrie, de Tantah, de }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Da- manhour }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 de Kafr-Zayat et de Zagaxig. Prix du num/ro du jour, 1 P.T.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Vu. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Trap, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 la li \'95 ihad#.\'97.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx808\tlul\tx1158\tlul\tx1298\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 An.\tab do. \tab\tab}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 I>3\'BBiE* rVKT. T\'EE\'BBl}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB trv8 I Mie. 't-}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'95ndtc< l\'FCtttkl.)}
\par
\pard\plain\tx839\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 I 9.0. y\tab -.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps\cf1 KmK}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 . }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Very }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 lWhlKa.1 Kligbt IM}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 . IB.0 , 10 0 . \'ABM}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 F\'BBb Tonry Peu 8 Bat. \'AB}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Bon. 6 W\'ABL 16}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 kftOA HoQi\'EA. GjmkbAQA. 8 p.m.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Be oton B ccrd }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Winter }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Beee Meeticg. S S \'95 p m.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Gbttir h }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps\cf1 PaIaob.}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1  Ba<Deof Flowers }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps\cf1 Rj\'FB.waj}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1  loeiiiale. Opeaiog ol }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Fool }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ba l }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Competition.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Milite*y ToornAmenl}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 J V ST }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 PUBLISH }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 SD.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 TU l\'EEfPXOdtTKP\'BB 109P9I1N}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 AdmlalsinhUre }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 bad CooustrcUl Director/, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 bt }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mr. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps\cf1 Stifaeo}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1  PoFFAjrpi.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 THS EDITION FOR IM* contd\'F9oK up-uxltli laformHliao }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 which }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 U Kbwluuij rtlMhbl*.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 AU cfcAfigw Ut th* luuaiMof }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 street* }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 a&d }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 number\'BB of }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 h*T9 bo*c UlAroduoad IA th* UM }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 of }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 9d\'C9I\'97.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 On 9*1* tl th* leedtag OtLro tnd Alaxandrlt bookatllcn.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 uiriAUi}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 RKUABKA.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Coatifi&cxu U\'BBht U) modttfU Kttt*r1y }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 wind, }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ttrj tUeht \u9632 ?}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Km-, oool. tcd cioodJ* }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps\cf1 m}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1  wetiber throughoot btrcsn*ler in cl>n\'ABd }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 to }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ftil.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Eastern Telegraph Coy., Ltd.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AVERAGE Tilts occupied in trantminion 0/ 8 jyptiin telegram* from Engl mi to Alee andria
 on Thursday. I9lh January. 1905. OUTWARDS}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 FROM}
\par
\pard\plain\tldot\tx704\tldot\tx749\tldot\tx1049\tldot\tx1094\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 London\tab\tab\tab\tab}
\par
\pard\plain\tldot\tx1349\tldot\tx1370\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Liverpool\tab\tab}
\par
\pard\plain\tldot\tx1349\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Moncneater\tab}
\par
\pard\plain\tldot\tx506\tldot\tx1189\tldot\tx1238\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Oleeg* \tab\tab\tab}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Other ProvineaoJ Offiaaa .}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 XlUiOll KAVDXD or AT}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 71m}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  Poatol Ootnp*nT'i Telecrmobio}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TSC o\'A3Zr}
\par
\pard\plain\tx846\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 a. a\tab a. a.}
\par
\pard\plain\tqr\tx1146\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 14\tab 84}
\par
\pard\plain\tx845\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 18\tab 1 14}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'93 I }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 '}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 First Class Health Resort}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'93AL HAYAT\'94Helouan}
\par
\pard\plain\tx3980\tx7020\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 WINDSOR HOTEL ALEXANDRIA.\tab}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'AB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 -R\'97R--\'AB\'97}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'BB-\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 w}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mr. Scott Leslie, Mr. David W. Norton,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mr. Arthur Gardner, Mr. E. Girdwood, Mr. D.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Nicol, England ; Mr. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 W. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 F. Rupert, New York;}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mr. Charie* Reauzemont, Franco ; Dr. Ferd- }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 (}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 mann, Ode*\'BB; Mr. Reit-er, Constantinople; Mr. UNRIVALLED POSITION Oil the Mokattam }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 H\'DCI8}
\par
\pard\plain\tx3835\tx4575\tx6291\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 U. Peltz, Mr. Fulvermann, Germany; Mr.\tab .\tab .\tab a}
\par
\pard\plain\tx3736\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AnaHtasiade* and family, India ; Mr. Sevalsy }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 ;}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 96 me,rf}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 " }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 #bove ,eTeI of ,be N,1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'AB* }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 ,afr0anded dM6rl}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 '}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 and family, Smyrna ; Mr. Lmlislas Kovatz, Mr. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 ALL}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  ROOMS FULL SOUTH WITH SHELTERED VERANDAHS.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx5669\tx6143\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Emile bcrvain, Mr. lieon Kolin, Mr. AbrnhAin\tab ^\tab _ }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 #}
\par
\pard\plain\tx3752\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Fortf}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 1}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 , To^fik Soomly Bey, Mr. UueiicH, Ayrout '\tab PUBLIC SITTING ROOMS in *ep U Panh\'99}
\par
\pard\plain\tx5221\tx5538\tlul\tx5719\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Loutfy Bey, Mr. Snmtivl O-lien, Cairo; Mr. C.\tab \'95\tab\tab j...}
\par
\pard\plain\tx4546\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Al. Nichohon, Dr. Felix Gohwldicli, Mr. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 W. P. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I\tab otmmnntraUng by gl<w mm on.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx6410\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Serjeant,Mr. II. A.lLtmuj, Mr. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 UmbertoBoll\'E9, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TCleCtriC Light \'97\tab -IT e&l }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 i }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I Ig \'97 JuHt.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 *Mr! tcc.mi\'BB*Mr! L^ek- Bathing, Air and Diet Cures. Resident Medical Director. All}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 mille Tou}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 rabian, Alexandria ; Dr. Cbooeri, kinds of Sports. Own Stab!es. Omnibus meets all Trains.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Mr^Un,Man40urah;Mr.F.Hughm,Kafr^}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 LijBTBATEI) }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\sub\scaps0\cf1 pROB}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 p}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\sub\scaps0\cf1 ECT\'DC0}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1  }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 g}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 BNT}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  f}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 BB1 A}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ppUCATION}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 The Tosh Whisky}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 KiUbUahed 1728.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 MACKINTOSH & C}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 INVERNESS.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 General Depot.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 JOHN ROSS <fc Co.,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Jlarlun,}
\par
\pard\plain\tlul\tx1522\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1\tab ALEXANDRIA.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Retailer*.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 k.:j. }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps\cf1 FLEURENT,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Bquaro Hftlina Pacbn, CAIRO.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 DAVES}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 BRYAN}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 & Co. .}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 GontinentalHotelBuildiiigs.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 CAIRO.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 St. David\'92s Buildings,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ALEXANDRIA,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 and 35-37 Noble Street,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 LONDON. E.O.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 English Tailors, Drapers and Outfitters.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Offiev,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 10}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  \'91\'93wVew* All garments cut by ex-}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 pLA}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 f}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  1ER AND COLLECTOR required knowing PGridlCed English Cut}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Lters, fit and style gna-}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2288\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 nqnited lo }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 P. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 O. B. 876, Cairo.\tab 98176-6-1 .}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TWO FURNISHED BOOMS, with flrvt-eiaa b=erd. Appiy a* 4, rue Averaff, Ur*. A}
\par
\pard\plain\tx2308\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Pill*. l*t floor.\tab 96966-8-9}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 WANTED. - Hall Potter, alao good Waiter (Enropvan*) ; nut \'ABpeak Eogfi-h and Arabia}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 apply, B oomofe Hooee Pennon, Cairo}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 96946.6-4}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 WHERE TO WINTER IN E6YPT.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TUB}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ranteed.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A varied stock of Ladies\'92 Blouses, Boas, Skirts, Belts, &c.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Careful attention is paid to Ladies'outfits}
\par
\pard\plain\tx4456\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TEWFIK PALACE\tab suitable fo up}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Ttlopkoue la 5, H\'BBl*nan}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 HOTEL,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 HE LOU AN,}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 T\'ABL Aiinm : HILO UIV.\'92}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 8PKCIAL }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 F }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 * ATURCI.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 BXflT, AND HKAJeTUlXar SITU ATI OK IN HJCLOCAJW}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 PXHrKCT BASlTART Ak&JLNGKWXKTB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 BKPABjLTK}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  BALOONlkB AND BJtTHBOOMB TO M06T}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 or TUI MUmOOMM.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 MAfJNincBNT raiVATH OAKDBMi.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 WARMED THROUGHOUT }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 HT }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 A 8PXC1AL BYBTOf OF RADIATORS.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 the Nile.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'B0}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 Teheetrs}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 l\'EE i!S!u\'EEe}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tern* Opiate** }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 o}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 t tte Prm.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ^Tb* Ttwftk Fmiac* Hotel mhoakl b* knows to ail who pro* poo* lo vtoH R,ypC\'91*- OUfm UarwU.}
\par
\pard\plain\tx3781\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 "Thm MLCUUJ7 hmutftaMfiU 9mm to bo oiaplo sod aslio- foctory. ... lit* lonpaGdoa thro* aidao
 by par* (Uoort ter\tab ,, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\sub\scaps0\cf1 v}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 8- speciality).}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tkm. Th* Mltest poial of tho Towftk Foteo* to wtprocao com- .}
\par
\pard\plain\tx4225\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 fOTV}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\super\scaps0\cf1 M}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'97 Mfjf**\'BB\'BB }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'DCAJette.\tab}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 _}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Fonokoi tram l Oft por diem.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 a AQU1UNA, rra. iteos A }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Hi}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 GENTS\'92 OUTFITTING :}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Thelatest }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 noveltiesinTies, }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Collars, Shirts, Cloves, 4a Hosiery in all the newest Z makes, (Camel Hair brand}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 (tote of Toot. <}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 \'93AU DE }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ROUGE.\'94}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 MKRAL DRAPERY ESTAIUSHMEMT.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 (Central Tramway Mtutlon),}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 C }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AIR O.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 P. PLUNKETT,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 PROPRIETOR.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 DIRECT IMPORTER OF BRITISH AND IRISH TEXTILE MANUFACTURES.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Ladies' Fancy Silk Blouses and Skirts, and Fancy Material for livening Wear. Also Fans,
 Fancy Pins, Art fleial Flow*rs,Pearl Neck lets, and Oblffoni.}
\par
\pard\plain\fi360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Ladiea\'92 and Cents' Pocket Hand\-kerchief\'BB in Real Iriih Liaen. ^}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 PirlfylBR Agcit}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 AMD n}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 riifltpeasable }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 I\'BB }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Het }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Contrits.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 'Stnlltt " Dltlaf$ctln}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 g }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 FltM}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ft ranslM.lr \u9632 ?ililini to* }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 Nb}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  t* vkick}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 it k OTl.t\'AB(*l.i>I.IOT* lUOTVO\'BB, prrOTOU}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 0.1\'BB^ }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ijjU fme, Pjf ley. \'95**.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 \'91Stnlltt "}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 Dis }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 It ftelltg Ptwder}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 U th* hoot ab petite known, tad }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 a \'C9WMW}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 antbrpek and deodorant }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 thon }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 carbolic odd, teeidoo bate* pteMont md }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 nted\'C9f.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 "Sanlltt \'94 Eucttypiut Sup}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I* mckn, nrOT..M 8y tO. }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps\cf1 .WIotI}
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1  terniiy far \'ABa* in hot efioutfoa, beconie of }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 ko \'ABa* }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 dotefootec qoalUke and }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 te }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 hocronoo. A}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Klngrttl't Fumlgttlng Ctndltt]}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Nopphr tho w/oot and }
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps\cf1 \'ABmoi}
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1  }
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 coneeolewt onooeL \'95f rotehw fOmlodoo. For tte AMtctim l}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 I *8}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1036\langfe1036\scaps0\cf1 y}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 TM* "MMITM* Mb LVO. 11THNAL OllBtir,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 tomxni, a}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 We are also making a special display in the Drapery Department, con* sisting of Household
 Linen, Blan* kete, Calicoes, Eider-down QuiltB, Cushions,Ac.,Ac., which are mark* ed at such figures as to command attention.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Boots & Shoes in thelatest shapes, Bags, Trunks & all Leather goods in great va\-riety.}
\par
\pard\plain\li360\fi-360\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 ! AUo a large assorted supply of the following artiolea :\'97}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 HATS, CAPS, UMBRELLAS, WALKING-STICKS, RUGS, STUDS, BRUSHES AND ALL TOILET REQUISITES, &C.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Davies Bryan & Co.}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 Cairo & Alexandria,}
\par
\pard\plain\wrapdefault\s0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\cgrid
{\lang1033\langfe1033\scaps0\cf1 f}
\par
}
